Add a game with a kitty 3 (#224)
reactos/rapps-db: agwak.txt

[Section]
Name = A game with a kitty 3
Version = 3.0.0
License = Freeware
LicenseType = 2

> Description = A game with a kitty is a platform game with a dynamic similar to the first Mario Bros, Kirby and another games. We must go through a series of missions jumping between platforms and evading various enemies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description = A platform game similar to Mario Bros, Kirby and other games. We must go through a series of missions jumping between platforms and evading various enemies.

```

Category = 4
URLSite = https://www.origamihero.com/ori6/games.php

> URLDownload = http://www.origamihero.com/games/kitty3.zip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URLDownload = https://www.origamihero.com/games/kitty3.zip

```
